hey guys welcome to the final episode of
the TV project it's now the 31st
December want to wish you guys are happy
news II hope you guys have a good time
with you going out of staying at home
whatever um yeah did a bit of
merchanting this month except jagex has
bought you practically screwed over
free-to-play merchanting so profits are
like a third of what they were before
because there's no supply which means
there and not much to trade anyway I
just went dicing with my entire bank
because it was only 4.5 mil try and
bring it up to 10 mil I did the horsey
bets thing and yeah you'll see what
happened alright three point three three
three mil bit trying to get my 10 mil I
can't believe on the line on JX totally
screwed please thanks
probably all right let's go with n
Oh hold on me let's go again
you
oh my god
so as he saw I've now got nothing I did
another bet with the 811 coins after I
stopped recording lost that too so on
yeah hope you enjoyed the series might
do it again next year and yeah hope you
guys had a good 2011 and I'll see you